 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.1 (2024-02-15)
***************************

* Installation updates

  * Return non-zero from build.py on fail
* Documentation updates

  * Update to standard CHANGELOG.rst
  * Add build_docs.sh call to test_all.sh
* Black updates to rayleigh.py
* Add release note for v1.12.1

Formatting Updates
==================

Black updates to rayleigh.py
----------------------------

::

  modified: rayleigh/rayleigh.py

Installation Updates
====================

Return non-zero from build.py on fail
-------------------------------------

Ensure build.py returns non-zero if the make fails!  Otherwise pip will think
it completed successfully!

Also ensure pyproject.toml includes "numpy" as build dependency for fortran-based
builds!

Also ensure lib and inc are included in package_includes in pyproject.toml!

::

  modified: build.py
  modified: pyproject.toml

Documentation Updates
=====================

Update to standard CHANGELOG.rst
--------------------------------

No option now - update the correct release note.

::

  modified: CHANGELOG.rst


Add build_docs.sh call to test_all.sh
-------------------------------------

::

  modified: tests/test_all.sh

Release Process
===============

Add release note for v1.12.1
----------------------------

*From GEOIPS#458: 2024-02-09, 1.12.1 release*

All updates until the next release (v1.12.1) will be included in
this release note.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1.12.1.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
